Update docs to DSL2 v2.0 syntax (#970)
nf-core/nf-co.re: markdown/developers/adding_modules.md

6. Create a module using the [nf-core DSL2 module template](https://github.com/nf-core/tools/blob/master/nf_core/module-template/modules/main.nf):

>     > ⚠️ [2021-11-26] please use `dev` version of tools

Reviewer: This should be maybe also stated in step 1 above.

Author: good point - done!

    | \| |       \__, \__/ |  \ |___     \`-._,-`-,
                                          `._,._,'

    nf-core/tools version 2.2.dev0

    INFO     Using Bioconda package: 'bioconda::fastqc=0.11.9'                      create.py:130
    INFO     Using Docker / Singularity container with tag: 'fastqc:0.11.9--0'      create.py:140
    INFO     Created / edited following files:                                      create.py:218
                ./modules/fastqc/main.nf
                ./modules/fastqc/meta.yml
                ./tests/modules/fastqc/main.nf
                ./tests/modules/fastqc/test.yml
                ./tests/modules/fastqc/nextflow.config
                ./tests/config/pytest_modules.yml
    ```

>     All of the files required to add the module to `nf-core/modules` will be created/edited in the appropriate places. The 5 files you will need to or possibly change are:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    All of the files required to add the module to `nf-core/modules` will be created/edited in the appropriate places. There are at most 5 files to modify:
```

        Minimal test data required for your module may already exist within the [nf-core/modules repository](https://github.com/nf-core/modules/blob/master/tests/config/test_data.config), in which case you may just have to change a couple of paths in this file - see the [Test data](#test-data) section for more info and guidelines for adding new standardised data if required.

    4. [`./tests/modules/fastqc/nextflow.config`](https://github.com/nf-core/modules/blob/master/tests/modules/amps/nextflow.config)

>         Some modules MAY require additional parameters added to the test command to successfully run. These can be specified with a `ext.args` variable within a process scope of the `nextflow.config`. file that exists alongside the test files themselves (and are automatically loaded when `main.nf` is executed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        Some modules MAY require additional parameters added to the test command to successfully run. These can be specified with an `ext.args` variable within the process scope of the `nextflow.config` file that exists alongside the test files themselves (and is automatically loaded when the test workflow `main.nf` is executed).
```

### General

- All non-mandatory command-line tool options MUST be provided as a string via the `$args` variable, where `args` is a Groovy Map that MUST be provided via the Nextflow `task.ext.args` variable.

>    ```nextflow
>    script:
>       def args = task.ext.args ?: ''
>       def prefix = task.ext.suffix ? "${meta.id}${task.ext.suffix}" : "${meta.id}"
>    """
>    fastqc \\
>      $args \\
>      <...>
>    """
>    ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    `<module>.nf`:
    ```nextflow
    script:
    def args = task.ext.args ?: ''
    def prefix = task.ext.suffix ? "${meta.id}${task.ext.suffix}" : "${meta.id}"
    """
    fastqc \\
        $args \\
         <...>
    """
    ```
    `modules.config`:
    ```nextflow
    process {
        withName: <module> {
            ext.args = [                                                                                                // Assign either a string, closure which returns a string
                '--quiet',
                params.fastqc_kmer_size ? "-k ${params.fastqc_kmer_size}" : ''     // parameter dependent values can be provided like so
            ].join(' ')                                                                                                    // join converts the list here to a string.
            ext.suffix = { "${meta.id}" }                                                     // A closure can be used to access variables defined in the script
        }
    }
    ```
```

- If the software is not available on Bioconda a `Dockerfile` MUST be provided within the module directory. We will use GitHub Actions to auto-build the containers on the [GitHub Packages registry](https://github.com/features/packages).

> ### Publishing results

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Publishing results

Fomerly, results were published using a custom `publishDir` definition, customised using a Groovy Map defined by `params.modules`. This has been system has been replaced with using `publishDir`'s defined directly in a workflow's `modules.config` (see: ...)
```

### Publishing results

> Fomerly, results were published using a custom `publishDir` definition, customised using a Groovy Map defined by `params.modules`. This has been system has been replaced with using Nextflow's native [`publishDir`](https://www.nextflow.io/docs/latest/process.html#publishdir) defined directly in a pipeline workflow's `modules.config` (see [here](https://github.com/nf-core/rnaseq/blob/f7702d5b76a1351e2e7796a5ed3f59943a139fbf/conf/modules.config#L100-L106) for a simple example)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fomerly, results were published using a custom `publishDir` definition, customised using a Groovy Map defined by `params.modules`. This system has been replaced using Nextflow's native [`publishDir`](https://www.nextflow.io/docs/latest/process.html#publishdir) defined directly in a pipeline workflow's `modules.config` (see [here](https://github.com/nf-core/rnaseq/blob/f7702d5b76a1351e2e7796a5ed3f59943a139fbf/conf/modules.config#L100-L106) for a simple example)
```
